we see here on youtube with severe side to
micro and I bring you a tutorial of how
get or buy riot points in the
fig play in the first step of all is
put the username and the
password of the account you want
buy the rivers points so over there
we go
As you can see I can not speak and
write at a time and I have to do it
all in parts
once we have loaded the screen
and have loaded the launcher first
what we have to do is go to the store
that is to say the incognito this the only
orange icon that puts it on so that
stand out so you spend the money and
there I left you the ruin and once inside
the screen of the store the league of
legends we pass to the left up to
the left specifically where he puts
to buy
rp that are noises points that are going to
serve to buy aspects for
buy heroes improvements name changes
server changes and everything that
want to get
as you see here we get a screen
auxiliary another little screen in small in
which wants to tell us in what way
We want to buy the rivers points of
paypal with visas with countries card with
mobile with writing with cash there are many
types of payment just tell you one thing that
if you can with the mobile they will give you
less riot points for the same money
that if you pay with paypal so I
I pay for PayPal, I put it in euros
which is what I do not handle
Once elected, we have to choose
the amount we want to spend
henriot points for two euros with 50 te
give 400 root points for five euros 840
and they gave you another 40, that is, as
you see the more money you get from a parent
pull more riot points and bonus you will
give because if you spend 50 you get
much more than if you had spent five
times in a 910 but good I like us
Remove covered I'm only going to spend ten
euros
and there we go we give here
Once inside here we will get a
blank little screen in which will give us
choose to pay with paypal or in create
a paypal account if we do not have it
as I already have created because we are going to pay
with paypal
we enter the account email and the
Password paypal account will
we give login as you can see here
would come out your account data
paypal but I know it covered because it is not
plan that all people know my
address so it's all right
everything in order and we would only have to give
continue to appear here in
yellow we have to give has asked
completed if we want to finish the
asked so we give it
I said we give him
and will tell us congratulations to the last
astronaut and tells us to come back to
the store with this either we have
removed we have aired money we
we've left candles and we've got
our dear noise points and good
guys like you can see up here already
puts the rivers points that I had have been
added
and here's the tutorial today if
you have any doubt or crisis that
explain something else leave me a
comment or if not the x favorites
subscribe if you are not and until
soon nicas